{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16020\viewh12900\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 TODO\'92s\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
- how to handle 1 program with multiple recipe changes! Fundamental!!\
- implement entire program selection instead of single recipe selection (so combination of recipes) , also functionality to save recipe (and program) and give it a name\
- off-line machine state, who does this refer to? Idle and offline not at the same time.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - logging of all user activities, assigning programs, activating programs, creating manual programs, pressing start pause stop buttons. Viewing stats pages. All with timestamps.\
- Plaatje met alle architectuur\
\
- simulation run indefinite -> needed for testing durability.\
- transitioning -> blinking also in graphs?\
- allow edit and removals while running instead of on pause\
- allow additions of new recipes while other recipes have not yet been removed from a gate? Or keep it like now: wait for a gate to be removed first.\
\
\
- Reddis? Nginx? Needed?\
\
- plan assist\
- order view -> order generator\
- user-based roles/permissions, view for admin to select what who can do. \
\
AANNAMES:\
- transition: program ends when transition is started (because otherwise if you have to wait until transition is finished, you can potentially already have completed batches on gates that have transitioned, which would be weird)\
- premature end of a batch: we just count it as a batch but data will simply be skewed.. much lower give-away for example.\
\
}